[zh-cn]sync kubelet-config-file configure-service-account (#37195)
kubernetes/website: content/zh-cn/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-service-account.md

The service account has to exist at the time the pod is created, or it will be rejected.

You cannot update the service account of an already created pod.
-->
Pod 被创建时服务账号必须存在，否则会被拒绝。

你不能更新已经创建好的 Pod 的服务账号。

{{< note >}}
<!--
The `spec.serviceAccount` field is a deprecated alias for `spec.serviceAccountName`.
If you want to remove the fields from a workload resource, set both fields to empty explicitly
on the [pod template](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods#pod-templates).
-->
`spec.serviceAccount` 字段是 `spec.serviceAccountName` 的已弃用别名。

> 如果要从工作负载资源中删除字段，请在

Reviewer: ```suggestion
如果要从工作负载资源中删除这些字段，请在
```

You cannot update the service account of an already created pod.

The `spec.serviceAccount` field is a deprecated alias for `spec.serviceAccountName`.
If you want to remove the fields from a workload resource, set both fields to empty explicitly
on the [pod template](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods#pod-templates).

You can clean up the service account from this example like this:
-->
Pod 被创建时服务账号必须存在，否则会被拒绝。

你不能更新已经创建好的 Pod 的服务账号。

> {{< note >}}
> `spec.serviceAccount` 字段是 `spec.serviceAccountName` 的已弃用别名。
> 如果要从工作负载资源中删除字段，请在
> [Pod 模板](/zh-cn/docs/concepts/workloads/pods#pod-templates)上将这两个字段显式设置为空。
> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< note >}}
<--
The `spec.serviceAccount` field is a deprecated alias for `spec.serviceAccountName`.
If you want to remove the fields from a workload resource, set both fields to empty explicitly
on the [pod template](/docs/concepts/workloads/pods#pod-templates).
-->
`spec.serviceAccount` 字段是 `spec.serviceAccountName` 的已弃用别名。
如果要从工作负载资源中移除这两个字段，请在
[Pod 模板](/zh-cn/docs/concepts/workloads/pods#pod-templates)上将这两个字段显式设置为空。
{{< /note >}}
```
It's a good choice to put both en and zh text into the note block.
